Implement generic deck discovery backend system (#1519)
bitcraze/crazyflie-firmware: docs/userguides/deck.md

Deck drivers
------------

Decks are enumerated automatically using a modular discovery system that supports multiple backends:

- **OneWire backend**: Reads deck information from One Wire (OW) memory soldered on the deck PCB
- **Forced backend**: Allows compile-time forcing of deck drivers via `CONFIG_DECK_FORCE`

> - **Extensible architecture**: New discovery backends can be added for different communication protocols

Reviewer: ```suggestion

The architecure is extensiblke: New discovery backends can be added for different communication protocols.
```

  bool (*test)(void);
} DeckDriver;
```

## Deck Discovery System

The deck discovery system uses a modular backend architecture that supports multiple detection methods. Different discovery backends run during startup:

- **OneWire backend**: The standard method that automatically detects decks with OneWire memory chips
- **Forced backend**: Allows manually specifying deck names via `CONFIG_DECK_FORCE` for development when physical hardware isn't available

> The modular design allows multiple discovery backends to coexist and enables future expansion with additional detection methods.

Reviewer: Does'nt that mainly repeats what is talked about a bit above?

Author: You are completely right! Woopsie!
